In the project I’ve completed this term, I used Express HTML, JavaScript, and a SPA built by Angular. By using Express HTML, I was able to incorporate server-rendered pages that generated HTML content. It would be sent to the client for individual requests, which is a slower process but allows for simplicity. Incorporating JavaScript allowed the static pages to operate dynamically which enhances UI. SPA on the other hand operates more efficiently because it loads a singular page and updates with every user interaction. In the backend, MongoDB allowed for a more flexible and scalable database. It also was easy to integrate with JavaScript and similar tech. JSON was used interchangeably since it is easy to read and write for humans and machines. JSON, however, is a text format and is used to represent structures and objects. JSON was the binder between the front and back ends. Also, during the project I learned how to refactor code to make it more functional and efficient. By using reusable components, it was easier to maintain the code overall. 

When testing a full stack application, you must ensure it is reliable and all API endpoints are secure. For example, by using unit testing, you can focus on individual points as opposed to integration which makes sure it is functioning together. While both are important, they are also critical along with security testing. When you are handling user data, security testing is important when you start incorporating authentication and authorization. Making sure data is transmitted properly via HTTPS and identifying SQL Injection vulnerabilities are just a few examples of security anomalies to watch out for and mitigate early. I feel as though I have learned through this course how to approach full stack projects comprehensively. I have learned how to create a web application that is responsive and manages databases with NoSQL. These skills make me more marketable because it allows me to close the gap between front end and back-end development. 
